In this video, I will expose every single trade that I took this week from all the winning ones, but also the losing trades that resulted into gaining over 4.2% profit and multiple profit payouts. So, before we go into trading view, I want to share with you the quick overview of all the trades that I took. So, on Monday, it started with a break even trade on EuroUSD. Then on Tuesday, I gained 1%. I had one winning trade, but also a loss on gold. Then on Wednesday I hit another loss on GBP JPY. And it's very important for me to share all the losses because I don't have a 80% or 90% win rate. My win rate is around 60%. So I will have a lot of losses and it's completely normal and you can be very profitable with a win rate around 60%. So don't be afraid of hitting losses. Then on Thursday I didn't trade at all. And then on Friday I had a very nice day. I gained 3.7%. I had a winning trade on GBP CAD and another winning trade on EuroUSD. And before I break down every single trade, here's the proof. Like I said, I gained 4.2%. I traded a few of my 100K accounts. So that results into around 4K in payouts from multiple accounts. I also passed a few challenges. And what makes me the most proud is that many of my dcc members actually hit their first payouts too or even passed um proper challenges. So you can just join my discord and be part of that as well. It's completely free. And now let's go straight into trading view. So the first trade I took was on Monday on EuroUSD. And we always start on the 2hour time frame because the 2-hour time frame tells us where we are and we also want to map out our key levels. So, as you can see at the left side right there, I built a checklist and the exact DCC strategy is basically lined up exactly here. So, on the 2-hour time frame, we want to map out the swing high, the swing low, and the daily open. So, I built an indicator that already maps out everything. But if you don't have it, just go to indicators and type in open price. So, this is the first line. It's a red line right here. And we also want to map out the last swing high, which is this one. and the last swing low. And the reason why we're mapping these lines is because we don't want to have our takerit have to run through one of these levels. So, this wouldn't be a good takerit because price first has to break one of these key levels, which is unlikely because most likely is that price will reverse from one of these zones, right? So, a better take profit would be something around this area right there because price doesn't have to break this swing high. Another thing is we want to have one of these levels support our stop loss. This is optional. So, it doesn't happen all the time, but if it happens is very good. So, for example, if our stop loss is right here, that would be good because the daily open price supports that stop-loss too. So on the 2-hour it's very straightforward. We map these lines. We just want to have the key zones. Then we go to the 1 hour. And the 1 hour is all about the bias for the day. And again, we're using indicators because we don't want to guess here. We don't want any room for hesitation or whatsoever. We want to trade on clear data. So we're using EMAs. So you go to indicators and you type in EMAs. We need the 20 EMA, but also the 9 EMA. So again the indicator that I built basically has that integrated too. So the blue line as you can see here is the 9 EMA and the purple line below is the 20 EMA. So whenever the blue line is above the purple line we're only looking for longs. And if it's the other way around we're looking for shorts. So, as you can see at the bottom right, my indicator already tells us it's uh a long bias, but the only thing that's missing right here is the EMA separation. So, it's not perfectly lined up at the moment. A a good EMA separation would be this example right here. As you can see, there is much space between the EMAs. So, this is the only thing that isn't really great about this setup, but it's still valid because um the bias tells us long and yeah, we we can still enter right there. Then, we also want to map out the last point of the 20 EMA. So, you can see that right here. The indicator already tells us that too, but you can just make a line right there. And let me make it in another color because we only want to look for longs if we are above this line. If price is below this line, we don't want to look for longs. It would be an invalid trade. So, we have our bias determined. We only want to look for longs. And then we go to the 5minut time frame for our entry model. Now, on the 5minut time frame, we need a few more indicators. First of all, we need the VWAP, the volume weighted average price. We need the ATR to determine our stop-loss average to range. And we also need the ADX, average directional index. So again, my indicator has all of that in integrated already. And then we're looking for our entry model, the PFG. So pullback, flip, and go. So we want to see a proper pullback of multiple candles. We don't want to see a a pullback that has like a a range in it or something like that. This right here is a proper pullback. And then we want to wait for the flip. So the blue line, the 9 EMA has to flip over the purple line. So you can see these symbols right there. This is also something my indicator shows. So whenever the EMAs flip, um, it shows right there. And we want to wait for a flip to the upside, right? And then go basically means the ADX indicator has to be above 20. If it's above 25, it's an A+ setup. However, the ADX is an optional thing. If everything is aligned, we can still enter. But the ADX tells us basically how strong the trend is and it goes from zero to 100. So whenever it's around 15, for example, it means the trend isn't strong enough, but we are intraday traders, right? So we can basically uh benefit from a range as well because we are not swing traders. We don't need huge trends. So now we have the pullback. We only waiting for the flip because we have the go basically too. The ADX is 31 in this example and we're always using the ATR from the 1 hour. By the way, my indicator already shows that. So then we just have to wait for the flip signal. You can see it right there. We have to wait until the M5 candle closes and then we can immediately enter with a market order right there basically. And the next thing is we need to determine the stop loss. It already shows right there too. 7.4 pips. Um the stop loss is calculated. We're using the ATR indicator ATR from the 1 hour time frame. Um times 0.9. So in case you haven't watched my past videos, this is how we determine the stop-loss in order to have a perfect stop-loss for a day trade. Right? We're not using it based on structure like this for example because we want to have something repeatable and something that is very easy. You can just read it right there. 7.4 pips. It's basically perfect because the VWAP also supports the stop loss and the purple line supports it as well. So this is a very nice stop-loss and then we can basically enter with a market order. We're aiming for yeah around 1 uh two risk-to-reward ratio because our next key level is up there. So we have enough space in order to target it. Right? For example, if the key level would have been right there, we would not target a 1:2 risk-reward ratio because we had to break it. So we don't want to do that. Instead, we want to go for let's say yeah around 1.5 riskreward ratio. That is the minimum. But in this case, we could target a 1 to2 risk-to-reward ratio, right? And then unfortunately, as you can see, the price just played out, but it didn't hit take profit at all. So, that happens. It's a it's a perfect setup, but obviously, we will have losses, but in this case, we didn't even had a loss. We had a break even because I closed around there. It was kind of late in the day. So whenever the um trading day is about to end, I like to just close the trade. I never hold my trades overnight. So I closed it around this level. So this was the first trade I took and it was a break even trade. The next trade I took was on GBP and SD. And as always, we start on the 2-hour time frame, and we used the checklist to just um go through all of the things we have to map out on the 2-hour time frame. the swing high, the swing low, and the daily open price. So, the daily open price is right there. Then the swing low is also very simple. And now for the swing high, the indicator tells us this level. But we don't really want to map this out because we didn't really had a pullback from from the swing high. So, we're not mapping that out. Instead, this is the last swing high. So, we're just mapping this level. And as you can see now, price already has enough room to target that level. So our takeprofit doesn't really interfere with that level at all. Then we basically go to the 1 hour time frame and we want to determine the bias for the day. As you can see, the indicator already tells us it's long because the 9 EMA, the blue line, is clearly above the purple line. And like I said, we always want to see clear separation between the EMAs. We don't really want to see EMAs that are constantly crossing or something like that because that just indicates it's not a strong trend. If the EMAs are like this, it's perfectly uh fine for our trades and the the bias is very clear. We only want to look for longs um for the day. And as you can see in the checklist, we also want to map out the last point of the 20 EMA right there. So, let me just make that in another color. And that's basically it for the 1 hour time frame. We're only looking for longs. We have the key levels. And we can go to the 5minut to look for our PFG entry model. And again, PFG stands for pull, flip, go. We want to see a proper pullback. We want to see a flip of the EMAs and the ADX has to be above 20 or for an A+ setup above 25. Plus, we have to be above um the 20 EMA line of the 1 hour and we want to be above the Wii web. And as you can see, the price is very much separated from the weap line. There's much space in between. So, this is ideal for the trade too. If the we were blind would have been right there. We can still enter if price is above. But it's not an A+ setup to be honest. But this is perfectly fine. This is literally a perfect entry if the VWAP line has uh much space in between to the current price. And then yeah, we just want to see uh the pullback. We already had that. Then we want to see the flip of the 9 EMAs flipping over the 20 EMA. So we're just waiting for that. And as you can see, the indicator shows us that right there. So we can enter with a market order basically around this level. And the stop loss is 19 pips. So we just adjust that 19 pips. And we can easily target a 1:2 risk-reward ratio because the next key level is up here. So we don't need to be afraid of targeting a 1:2 risk-reward ratio. Again, a perfect trade. I really like this one. Uh, everything is clear. I mean, the ADX is 29. So, also a very nice trend. And as you can see, it played out very well. And we could have targeted even more, but we don't want to be greedy. We want to be uh repeatable with our takerit. We don't want to use like trailing stop-loss or anything like that. We want to just go in, target, 1:2 ris. So very beautiful trade played out very well. The next trade I took was also on Tuesday but on gold. And we always start on the 2-hour time frame to map out the key levels. So the swing low but also the daily open price level and the swing high. Now one important thing to note is we don't want to map out this level right there because price basically just created it. And key levels like that like the swing high or the swing low has to be there for at least 24 hours. So we have to go back in time and basically map out the last level that got created and it's this one right there at the top. So the indicator already shows us that in a correct way. We don't want to map out previous levels like that. So then we go to the 1 hour and we want to determine the bias. And here's another important thing to note. So, as you can see, the indicator right there shows us short, which is correct because the 9 EMA, the blue line is below the purple line right there. So, one thing that just happened is we had a cross right there. So, the blue line crossed the purple line, which isn't ideal because it basically tells us that a bullish cross happened recently. So that means price isn't really confirmed into one direction, right? So this is a sign of a range or like consolidation or something like that. We want to have EMAs that have clear separation and not many flips in the past. So this is not an A+ setup, but I still took it and it kind of makes sense that it resulted into a loss. And then the next thing we want to do is as always, we map out this level right there. So the last point of the 20 EMA, then we go to the 5m minute and we want to look for our PFG entry model and we also want to have uh the price below the VWAP but also below the 20 EMA line as you can see right here. So it's a totally valid trade. And then another thing that makes this this trade not really A+ is the pullback right here. So, like I said, the PFG entry model, pullback, flip, and go. We want to have a clear pullback. A clear pullback is, for example, something like this right there. So, it's just many bearish candles. But as you can see in this example, it's many bullish candles and bearish candles. So, it's not a clear pullback. We can still enter, but it's not an A+ setup. So, after that, well, we have the pullback. Then we want to wait for the flip. So I can just move price a little bit and we have the flip basically um right there. I entered right here with a market order around this level. The stop loss is 13 this example. So like that. And the takerit is 1:2 risk-reward ratio because we have enough space to target the key level right there. So it's a totally valid trade. are not A+ because like I said the EMAs on the 1 hour are not clear and the pullback isn't clear but besides that we can still enter. Also one thing the ADX is below 20. Like I said the ADX is optional but it's very important. So yeah it kind of makes sense that this trade hit stop loss now in hindsight but yeah it's very important to to showcase that right because we have a 60% win rate or around that maybe 50% for some people. So we don't have winners all the time and it's very important for me to show that too because it's part of trading. So yeah, it hit stop loss. It's completely fine, valid trade onto the next one. And the next one was on GBP JPY. As always, we start on a 2hour time frame and we map out our key levels. So again, the swing low, but also the open price and the swing high like this. And then we go to the 1 hour again and we look for our bias for the day. As you can see, the indicator tells us it's short, which makes sense. The 9 EMA is clearly below the 20 EMA, so we only want to look for shorts. Also, in the past, we had a nice bearish trend. So, it's just a very valid um trend. And as you can see, the ADX also shows us a level of 37, which makes sense because like I said, we had a clear bearish trend in the past. And then we just want to map out the last point of the 20 EMA and then we can go to the 5m minute to look for our PFG entry model. And as you can see, it's a very repeatable process. This is exactly the definition of a strategy and we had multiple trades this week. So it's repeatable and also a clear system that we can use for every single trade. Now we want to look for the PFG entry model. We also want to be below the 20 EMA line. We also want to be below the VWAP. And we have to wait for our PFG uh yeah entry. So pullback. Well, we have the pullback right there. Just a a small little bullish pullback. Then we want to wait for the flip. So that happened already. So basically I entered um like I said, we have to wait for this candle to close after the flip and then we can enter with a market order. The stop loss is around 3.5 uh sorry 3.4. So like this. And then again the takerit is around um 1 to2 riskreward ratio and we can just let the price play out. And yeah and as you can see it hit stop loss again which is completely fine. Um it's a valid entry. And one thing to note as you can see in the time below usually I trade around 6 to 9 a.m. UTC. This is the first window I trade. So this trade was half an hour before that. So, I only risked 0.5% on that trade because I wasn't really sure if we have enough uh volume right now before my session basically starts. So, yeah, another loss, but completely normal. And we go to the next one. And the next one was on Friday on EuroUSD. And again, we start on the 2-hour time frame. We want to map out all the key levels. So, the swing low, the daily open price, and again, I can just show you the settings right now as well. For the open price, it's basically default settings. And then for the VW web, it's um these settings right there. And everything else is kind of the average or like the usual settings. EMAs are 9 and 20 EMAs. So, yeah, it's pretty straightforward. But you can also get my indicator. It's the first link in the description. And then we map out the swing high there. So, we have all the key levels mapped out. We go to the 1 hour time frame. We want to determine our bias. And as you can see, this is a perfect example of a clear bias because the EMAs have a clear separation. There wasn't a flip or anything. So, we have a clear short bias. This is a beautiful example for very nice uh for very nice 1 hour EMAs. Then we also want to map out the last point of the 20 EMA and then we can basically go to the 5m minute and it's a very straightforward process as you can see like we have many indicators that tells us exactly what we need to do and it's a very repeatable process and on the 5m minute again we want to wait for the PFG entry model and we actually have a very nice example of a pullback right here because there are only bullish candles it's not a range or anything like that it's very deep as well. So this is a great pullback. So we have that done. Then the flip, we want to wait for that. And the go signal basically is already there as well because the ADX is above 33, which is a great sign. And then we basically just want to wait for the flip to happen. And it happened right there. So we can enter exactly when the candle closed. And the stop loss is seven pips right here. We can easily target a 1:2 risk-reward ratio. So I targeted a little bit more to hit exactly the level at the bottom. And as you already see as well, we are below the VWAP line. We're also below the 20 uh EMA line of the 1 hour chart. So it's a completely valid trade and it also it played out very well. Hit take profit very fast and that was basically the first win on Friday. Then the second win was on GBP CAT. Let's start on the 2our again. And as always, we want to map out the key levels. So the swing low, as you can see right there, the daily open price, but also the swing high right there. So then we go to the 1 hour and we want to see a clear bias. Again, this is not a great example. This is not a A+ setup. I actually just made a guide about that in my Discord, so you can check that out because like I said, we had a cross right there. there's not clear separation between the EMAs. It's still valid, but it's lower probability. So, yeah, the bias is long. We want to map out the last point of the 20 EMA. And then we can go to the 5m minute to look for the PFG entry model. And one thing to note which makes this trade also lower probability is this level right here which is the 2hour um daily open price level. Right? It's directly above our entry. So price could basically react to that level and then reverse. So this just makes this trade also lower probability which I don't really like. But besides that we are above the last point of the 20 EMA. we are above the VWAP and both lines actually support our stop loss. So this is a great sign but this gives me more confidence to enter. And then again we want to see um the pullback. It's also very messy. So again this is just a lower probability trade but I want to showcase that as well because it's it's still valid but just lower probability right. Also, the ADX is around 15, which isn't great, but yeah, I still entered and it turned out to be a takerit, which is fine. You can back test trades like that and see how your pro uh how your win rate basically gets affected by trades like that, but usually they work out pretty well. And then again, we had the flip right there. So, I entered around this level and then I would just let price play out and it hit the takerit also very fast. So yeah, these are all the trades that I took. Uh, three winning trades, two losses, one break even, perfectly fine. And also, as you can see, um, the DCC community hit a lot of winning trades this week. So, I'm very, very proud of them. Very good trades. Everyone almost took the same trades and we had a lot of winning trades also on Friday. So, that is very great to see. If you want to be part of that community, just join my Discord. Link is in the bio. And then one last thing, actually 88% of you didn't subscribe yet. So just subscribe. You would help me a lot. Thanks guys for watching. Let me know in the comments what you want to see next, and I will do videos around that. Thank you. Bye-bye.