This is the only strategy you ever need to absolutely milk prop firms and I'm living proof that it is possible and after this video you will be able to achieve that too. So in this video I will cover why my strategy is optimized for beating prop firms. I will show you my exact approach. I will then show you a trade breakdown that I took this week on my 200k funded account and at the end of this video I also have a free gift for you that you can unlock today. So let's get started right into it with showing proof because most people on social media are just talking but I actually want to show you that it is possible and that I'm using the exact strategy that I will teach you in this video. And also like you can see I took the trade on my FTMO account. So this exact trade I will show you later in this video. So let's get started right into it. Why is my strategy so optimized for beating prop firms? First of all you have to understand for prop firms we have only two goals. We want to pass challenges fast and we want to get payouts often. That's the only goals and our strategy has to hit certain boxes in order to achieve that. First of all we want to have a high trade frequency because we want to pass challenges fast. So ideally we want to have two trades per day and we don't want to be swing traders or something like that. And don't get me wrong swing traders can be profitable but if you have one trade per week and you need five minimum trading days or even more then it's simply too slow for passing prop firm challenges. Then we want to have a solid win rate because we don't want to be in drawdown too much. So we want to have a win rate around 50 to 60% and to achieve that we need to have a low risk reward ratio which is also great for getting payouts often because if you trade a strategy with a one to seven risk reward ratio for example you might get a big trade but you need to hit the minimum trading days. So, it's not really repeatable and you can't really get paid out often. So, we want to have a strategy that's that is repeatable with a low risk reward ratio around 1:2 or 1:1.5 risk to reward per trade. Then, the most important part is we want to have clear rules, so there's no room for guessing and we want to have a real strategy. Now, that's why I developed the DCC strategy that I will explain to you right now. So, first of all, we only use three time frames, the 2-hour, the 1-hour, and the 5-minute. On the 5-minute, we only want to map out our key zones. On the 1-hour, we want to find our bias for day trade, and on the 5-minute, we want to look for entries with our PFG entry model that I developed. So, let's start with the 2-hour chart and don't worry, I will show you that on TradingView in a second. So, the 2-hour chart tells us where we are. So, we want to map out three lines, basically, because we want to see where price could react and we want to see if we have enough space to hit our take profit. So, we basically just drawing three lines, the swing high, the swing low, and the daily open price. So, if the chart is like this, we want to map out the swing low, the swing high, and also the open price of the daily uh time frame, right? And on the 1-hour, we want to see our bias for the day. So, the 1-hour tells us which direction we're trading and the daily bias for a day trade. So, we're not guessing or using any like vague concepts for that. We're using clear data and the EMAs for our bias. And that's why we're using the 9 EMA and the 20 EMA. So, whenever the 9 EMA is above the 20 EMA, looking for longs, and if the 9 EMA is below the 20 EMA, we're looking for shorts. It's extremely simple and straightforward without any guessing. We also want to mark out the last point of the 20 EMA, and we want to see a clear separation. So, what do I mean by that? If the EMAs are like this basically, we have a clear separation right here in the middle between them, but if the EMA is kind of ranging and keep crossing on the 1-hour chart, we don't want to look for a trade. We want to see clear separation. We want to see a clear trend. Then on the 5-minute, we basically want to enter, and we're using our PFG entry model because it's a repeatable entry model that we can use for every trade. So, PFG stands for pull, flip, go. We want to see a pullback. We want to see a flip of the EMAs, and then we want to wait for the go signal, which basically means we want to have an ADX above 25. So, ADX is an indicator that shows us how strong a trend it is. It goes from 0 to 100, and if we have something about 20 or below, it basically means the trend is developing. 25 or above means a stronger trend, and anything above 35 means we have a real strong trend. So, the higher the number, the better. Usually, you don't see anything above 60. So, for the stop loss, oh sorry, and then also for the entry model, we want to be above or below the VWAP depending if we are taking a long or a short trade. Then for the stop loss, we want to use another indicator called the ATR average true range indicator on the 1-hour chart because it gives us a perfect um size for daily or for a day trade stop loss, right? And then we also calculate it by multiplying it * 0.9. So, for example, if the ATR shows us 10, we're multiplying it by 0.9. So, in that example, that would be nine pips stop loss. And then for the take profit, we aiming for a 1 to 1.5 risk to reward ratio or 1 to 2 risk to reward ratio if we don't face any two-hour key zones, right? So, like I said, we using indicators. The most used indicators among hedge fund managers like the EMAs, VWAP, ADX, and ATR, and you will get the full concept once I show you my TradingView chart, too. And here is the full strategy in one sentence, exactly what a strategy should be, clear and simple without any guessing. And I also put out two examples here that you can screenshot for a long example and a short example, kind of like a checklist. So, let's get straight to the trade that I took this week. And the exact trade was actually taken by multiple members of the DCC community. As you can see here, this guy and also this guy from the DCC community, we all took the exact same trade. So, if you want to connect with us, join my Discord, it's completely for free, link in the bio. And as you can see, I took the trade on an FTMO account. Currently, I'm up 5.7K there. And yeah, let's say get straight into TradingView. Now, on TradingView, we always want to map out our three lines, right? Swing highs, swing low, and the open price. So, we need the first indicator called open price indicator. And the open price level shows us right here, it's a green line, so we're just drawing a line there. And then we want to see the swing high, but also the swing low. So, since we already crossed the swing low here, I'm also a fan of mapping out this low over here because we're basically using these key zones to determine where price could react from. So, for example, if we go short here, we don't really want to have our take profit around this level because price could react from that key zone and go back long, right? And the same goes for the other example, if we want to go long, we want to have our take profit here or here or here, but we don't really want to have it up here because here are two key zones that price could react from. So, after we determine the key zones, we go to the 1-hour chart and we want to see our bias. So, for the bias, we need the EMA, the 9 EMA, the blue line, but also the 20 EMA, the purple line. And as I said, whenever the blue line like here is below the purple line, we're looking for shorts. And we also want to see a clear separation, as you can see right here. Here's enough room between the two EMAs. So, this is a good example for a nice bearish trend. And for example, right over here would be a long example because the 9 EMA is clearly above the 20 EMA, above the purple line. So, in this example, we would look for longs. So, this is how we determine the bias. There's no guessing, there's no hesitation whatsoever. And then we also want to map out the last point of the 20 EMA, of the purple line, right here, just because this is another key zone that could give us additional defense for our stop loss. So, that's basically how we determine the bias on the 1-hour. So, let's go to the 5-minute and we want to look for an entry, basically, and for our PFG entry model, which stands for pull, flip, and go. So, as you can see, we have the pullback already. We want to see a bullish pullback because we're looking only for shorts, right? So, we have the pullback right here. So, that's done. Then, we want to see a flip off the EMAs. So, by the way, I also developed my own indicator. It's the first link in the description. You can try it out 7 days for free. It shows us the flips exactly um at this level right there. Also, a checklist and the daily bias, the ADX, and the calculated stop loss. So, that's something I developed. But, yeah. Now, for the flip, we want to see the 9 EMA flipping the 20 EMA, so the purple line. So, the blue line has to flip under the 20 EMA, right? And that's basically our entry. So, we're waiting until the candle closes, and then we're entering right there. But, before we're doing that, we want to see the last part of our of our entry model, which is the G, which stands for go, right? So, the ADX has to be above 25. So, we go to indicators, we type in ADX, average directional index. And as you can see, it's this line right here. And at the moment, uh yeah, we always want to use that on the 1-hour chart, by the way. So, as you can see at the right side, it shows us a level of uh 36. So, above 25, which means the bearish trend is strong enough to enter. Then, the last thing is we want to pull up the VWAP indicator, which is the golden line. And if we're looking for shorts, we always want to enter below the line. So, we can't have a short entry above the golden line right here because that would be an invalid trade. So, we always want to enter below the golden line right here. So, we basically have everything. We have um the pullback, we have the flip of the EMAs, and we have the um ADX being above 25, and we are below the VWAP line. So, we can enter then um without hesitation. And the last thing is for the stop loss, we want to use the indicator called ATR, average true range indicator, and also using that on the 1-hour time frame. In this example, it shows us an uh value of 18. So, like I said before, we're using that 18, and then we're multiplying it by 0.9, which is in this example, it's like around 16. So, we're using a $16 uh stop loss here on gold. And for the take profit, we're aiming for a 1:2 risk-reward ratio, because we have enough space to the next 2-hour key level, so we can comfortably targeting a 1:2 risk-reward ratio. And as you can see, the trade played out very well. And um yeah, also like I said, my indicator shows the exact stop loss already calculated, so it would be more like a $17 stop loss. The ADX as well on the 1-hour, the bias for the day. So, that's a pretty good tool that you can use. And like I said, many of the DCC traders also had the exact same trade. So, make sure to join the Discord, and I also have this free gift for you. I made a playbook exactly around strategy, the complete DCC strategy playbook. So, that's going to be for free. It's the first link in the description. Just get that. Don't forget to subscribe, and thank you guys for watching.