This will be the most important video you ever watched because I will show you my exact trading strategy that got me over 200 payouts and multiple six figures in payouts as a 24 year old trader. So, I will show you exactly why I think it's actually simple once you have a good strategy. I will then explain why it's important to have a day trading strategy. I will teach you my exact dcc strategy on Trading View. And at the end of this video, you will also get a free gift that you can implement right now and today. So, let's get started. Why do I think it is actually simple? Well, because I'm living proof. When I started trading back in 2021, I basically breached over 50 accounts in a period of two years and I wasted three years till 2024 because I tried strategies from random YouTube videos that look good on paper but there were simple not optimized for getting pop from pairs. So the only thing that got me was an email inbox full of heartbreach detected emails. So, I kept watching countless YouTube videos because I thought my mindset is the problem. But in reality, I just needed a good day trading strategy. And then fast forward now, I received over 200 payouts. I managed seven figures in funding. And I got over six figures in payouts as a 24 year old day trader. And I'm showing you these certificates not to flags or to brag or anything like this, but I only have a simple goal with this video. I want you to stop wasting your time with strategies that are not optimized for trading with prop firms because not every strategy works the same way for prop firms, right? For example, let's start right into why it's so important to have a day trading strategy. And trust me, I tried multiple things like sculping or swing trading, but it's simply not ideal for trading with prop firms. Why? Because sculping you will encounter high slippage and tight spreads with most prop firms. Also, many firms have a minimum holding rule per trade. So that means you have to hold your trades for a certain period of time. So sculping doesn't work at all. Plus the win rate will be lower which puts you in trod down faster. For swing trading it's the same thing but here are the consistency rules and news news restrictions. The biggest problems for swing trading right. Also the minimum trading days just make swing trading too slow for problems. So if you have one trade per week and you need five minimum trading days. So do you really want to waste five weeks to pass a simple challenge? Well, that's not something I want to do. So, swing trading is not ideal for trading with popcorn. Same goes for sculping. And trust me, I tried multiple swing trading and sculping strategies in 2024 and I only kept breaching accounts because it's not optimized for trading with prop firms. The only thing that is truly working when you trade with prop firms is a day trading approach. and my strategy that I will teach you in this video. So for day trading in general, why it's optimized for proper? Well, first of all, you have a good trade frequency, so you can pass challenges fast. You then also have a solid win rate and news and other restrictions don't affect you as hard as, for example, if you're a swing trader. So when I developed my strategy and when I took concepts from other people that truly worked, I then got profitable and received multiple profit payouts. So even if you don't trade with my strategy, you need to have some kind of indications that your strategy work and I listed four of them which I think are the most important ones. First of all, you want to have a very technical strategy. there can't be any room for guessing or hesitation. So we don't want to have any like random concepts or whatsoever. We actually want to use some indicators that give us real data instead of opinions because data is basically some something that is objectively true, right? There can't be any subject uh opinion about that because the indicators and data clearly shows us what is true and what not on the charts. And we want to have an actual strategy that is repeatable and that we can trade over years and years in the future as well. Then we want to have a solid win rate around 50 to 60%. When I did sculping I basically had I think a 30% win rate or maybe even lower 20%. But I had a really high riskreward ratio. But to be honest, that is also not optimized for trading with prop firms because you will be in draw down very fast and it's just mentally a lot more difficult to recover from draw down, right? So, you also want to have a lower risk-to-reward ratio around one to two risk-to-reward is the sweet spot with a solid win rate. This will give you the perfect approach and edge for trading with propers. On top of that, the trade frequency is very important because we want to pass challenges fast and we don't want to waste any time on the challenge phase. So, we want to have 8 to 10 or 8 to 12 trades per week, which basically means around two trades per day, right? So, the exact strategy, my DCC strategy, which I will teach you in this video, is designed to pass challenges fast, get payouts consistently, and it's an actual strategy with indicators and data backed by it because it's a repeatable system and an actual strategy. So, let's get started right into it and I will explain you the whole approach. The DCC strategy is what I came up with. And to be clear, I didn't invent that strategy by myself. I took concepts from many successful traders and I put them together into my strategy that got me now over 200 profit payouts. First of all, these are the time frames that I'm using trade. The 2-hour chart, the 1 hour time frame, the 5 minute, and then I have a few guidelines in order to determine the stop-loss and take profit. So for the 2-hour chart, I'm using that to kind of map my overall picture and the key zones and psychological levels. The 1 hour is determine the bias. The 5 minute is for the entry. And [snorts] like I said, you do need some indicators because it gives you clear data which we want to have and we don't want to have any concepts that are like very subjectively and just out of thin air. We want to have actual data and a real strategy. [snorts] So you need to have these indicators um on Trading View. The 9 EMA, the 20 EMA, the Wii web, which is a volume weighted average price indicator, the ADX. The ADX basically tells you how strong a move is and the ATR to determine the stop-loss. So ATR is for the stop loss. The ADX tells you how strong a move is. And don't worry, I will show you everything on Trading View in a second, but this is just an overview so you can see what kind of indicators I'm using. And for the DCC strategy in general, I've listed this overview right here, so you can make a screenshot, but I will also have a checklist at the end of this video for you. So 2our chart or time frame is for the location. I want to mark major support and resistance levels and the open price. 1 hour is for direction. We use the 9 EMA and the 20 EMA. So whenever the 9 EMA is above the 20 EMA, then we want to look for longs. If it's the other way around, if the 20 EMA moves above the 9 EMA, then we want to look for short. So it's extremely simple. I will show it for you on Trading View in a second. You will understand everything. It's very very simple on the five minute it's for execution and I invented the PFG entry model which stands for pull flip and go. So pull means price has to pull against the 1 hour bias. Flip means we need to see a flip of the 9 EMA crossing or flipping the 20 EMA. And then go basically means we need to see the ADX which tells us the uh how strong the move is. We want to have that above a level of 20. So to quickly give you an explanation of the ADX, it goes from zero to 100. And whenever we are above 20, it basically shows us the move is strong. Everything above 40 means very strong. And everything around 15, 10 to 15 isn't really a strong move. So the ADX is a pretty simple indicator that shows us that. For the management side, I'm always using the ATR indicator for the stop-loss, the 1 hour ATR time 0.9 and then the take profit will be around 1 to2 riskreward. So, I know it might sound confusing at first, but it is very simple and I will teach you everything now on trading view. All right. Right. So, on Trading View, I want to show you two trades that I took um yesterday and the day before. And I also listed the checklist right here to make it extremely simple for you. So, we always start on the 2-hour chart. Let me just quickly turn on the replay mode here so I can see my past trade. There we go. 2-hour chart. We always start on the 2-hour time frame. And as you can see in the checklist above, we want to map out key levels, but also the open price. So the first indicator that you need, you go to indicators and you type in open price and you pick this indicator. So it shows you these green lines basically. And all we want to do is map a line right there. And also we want to map out the key levels. So the key swing high in this example is just this. So the 2hour is a very simple um time frame because we're only using it to see our range, right? So we want to trade around this range and also the open price gives us a good um kind of support for our entries if we want to go for longs. Right? So these are our levels. Then we go to the 1 hour chart. On the 1 hour chart, we need the EMAs. So you type in indicators EMAs and you pick this one or also you can pick the double EMA. It doesn't really makes um difference but we need two of them. So the 20 EMA and then also the 9 EMA. So the purple line right here is the 20 EMA. This line right here is the 20 EMA and the blue line is the 9 EMA. And the 9 EMA, the blue line is clearly above the purple line. So we only want to look for longs. Okay. So because the EMAs they show us the past price movement and it's very ba very much based on data, right? So there's no room for guessing and there's also no room for hesitation. It clearly shows us a long and a bullish trend. So we only want to look look for longs because we are day traders, right? And I will give you another example for a bearish um chart. For example, this one right here. You can clearly see the blue line is below the purple line. So, in this example right here, we would have looked for shorts. But for my example, for the trade that I took on Monday, I only looked for longs. So, the next thing we do, as you can see in the checklist, is we want to mark out the last point of the 20 EMA. So, the last point of the purple line is right here. So we simply just draw a line on this level. Let me make it orange to see the difference. So now we have this line right here. The orange line is the last point of the EMA. And this purple line right here as we marked on a 2hour is the open price. So these two levels usually act as strong support for our uh long entry if we want to have a long entry on that level. And then basically this is all we want to see. We want to see the bias for the day which is bullish and we want to see the key levels. So now we can go to the 5m minute and we only look for longs. We go to the 5m minute and as you can see on the checklist, let me just quickly copy this right there. So you can see the checklist on the five minute as well. On the 5m minute, we're looking for the PFG entry model, which stands for pull, flip, go. All right. So, PFG, PFG, pull, flip, go. So, pull means we want to see a pullback in the opposite direction, which we have right here. We only look for longs. So, we want to see a bearish pullback, which is right here. So, the P is done. For the F, it stands for flip. So you can clearly see right here the blue line is below the purple line. So since we're looking for longs, we want to see the blue line flipping over the purple line as you can see right right here. So because I wasn't at the charts at this time, I waited basically and we had another flip of the EMAs of the blue line right there. So then we want to wait until this candle closes that gave us the flip and we're entering on this candle right here. It's extremely simple. So as you can see on the checklist we have one more thing which is basically the VWAP line. So this is another indicator that we use. So you can just type in uh WWAP the volume weighted average price and I can show you the settings as well. It's just the normal settings based on the sessions and you can turn off all these bands right there and it's a golden line right here. So this is another line that gives us a good indication that price rarely moves below this line. Right? So it's more of a support line that we can use also for our stop loss which gives us like multiple lines of defense. Okay. So now after we mapped out the golden line as well, the VWAP, we then want to have our last point of entry, which is the G or like the last indication to go long right here. So we go back to the 1 hour chart and we want to pull up the last indicator or basically we we do need two more indicators, but the ATR and the ADX. So average directional index and average true range. So the ADX as you can see here the red line it shows us how strong the move is and as you can see at the right side basically it's 44 and we always read that on the 1 hour chart. So 44 means it's a very strong move and the direction the bullish direction is confirmed basically because it has a level above 20. So we then go back to the 5m minute and we basically have everything that we want in order to go long right. So we have determined the bias on the 1 hour. We have the key levels on the 2our. We have our PFG entry model which stands for pull flip and go. So we check the ADR. We also check the reab line. So the last thing is how do we determine the stop loss? So for the stop loss, we go again to the 1 hour and we use the ATR indicator. So many professionals use this indicator for their stop-loss and we do that as well. The ATR shows us a level of 19 at the moment. So we go back to the 5 minute and I'm always using the ATR time 0.9. So 19 * 0.9 because this gives us a good range for a day trading entry. So if you're a swing trader, you can use the ATR which is 19 in this case and you can multiply times 1.5 or 2 if you are a swing trader, right? But we are day traders. So I use 0.9. So in this example, it's around let's say 16 to 17. So our stop loss will be around 17 pips which is here and then the takerit will be always around 1.5. So the only thing that isn't really optimal for this trade is that we have to run through this purple line which we mapped out on the two hours, right? It was our key level. So but that's fine for this case. And as you can see, I entered on this candle right here, and the trade went out very well, hit take profit within around 2 hours. So, I'm usually in the trade for 1 hour to 4 hours. This is my average, and it it's a good range for day trading, for day trade, right? So, I want to show you another example of a trade that I took yesterday on GBP JPY. So we start on the 2hour time frame and we want to map out the key levels and the open price. So the indicator already shows us the open price is right here and the key levels or the last swing high is basically there. So on the 2 hour it's extremely simple. We just want to map out our range where we're trading from and where we're trading to. Then we go to the 1 hour. On the 1 hour we enable the EMAs again. And as you can see, the blue line is above the purple line. So the 9 EMA is above the purple line, which means we only want to look for longs for this day until this purple line is above the blue line, right? Then we want to look for shorts. But in this example, it's clearly bullish. And by the way, I've also developed an indicator, my own one. It's called DC Capital Indicator. It basically shows you the bias right there. also the stop-loss and the ADX2. It's the first link in the description. It's completely free. So, you can get that as well. So, the the next thing is on the 1 hour, we want to map out the last point of the EMA, which is right here. So, let me map that in red or actually in um yeah, green so you can see it better. So, now we have our bias for the day, which is bullish. We have mapped out the last point of the EM EMA. We have mapped out the open price and the key levels. So we clearly see where are our support and resistance levels and where we trading to basically. So then we go to the 5m minute and again we want to look for the PFG entry model. So as well as the Wii web line as our support. So you can clearly see the blue line right now is below the purple line which is good for us because we already had the pullback of our entry model. So PFG pullback flip and go. So the pullback is clearly here. So we cross that out. Then we want to see the flip. So the blue line has to flip over the purple line. So if I just move the price a little bit, you can clearly see it right there. Right? The blue line crossed over the purple line. So, we want to wait until this candle closes. And then we have our entry right there. But we want to see again the VWAP line, the golden line right here. The golden line has to be below our entry because it basically is the volume weighted price. So if that golden line would be right here, that would show us an indication that the current price movement is more of of bullish side, sorry, bearish side. So we don't want to enter a long right there. But since the golden line is clearly below our entry, this is another form of support for our stop-loss, basically another defense for our stop-loss. So that's an indication that we want to go long. So we have the flip as well. And now as we have the revamp line, we also have our last entry indication which is the go model. And we can also check the ADX on the 1 hour chart. The ADX is something that is optional. You don't always have to be a level around 20 or above 20. Right now it shows us a level of 10, which means the the move isn't as strong. Okay, but that's just an optional thing. So, I entered anyways. And then for the stop loss, again, we move to the 1 hour chart. And the ATR shows us a level of 15. So, 15 pips is how much price moved in the past uh 14 candles because the ATR is always set on a length of 14. So, the last 14 candles on this time frame moved 15 pips. 5 minute. Like I said, we're using the ATR time 0.9. So 15 * 0.9 and the result is around 13. So our stop loss for this trade is 13 pips. 13 pips. And for the takerit, we're aiming for around 1.5 risk-to-reward ratio or sometimes even 1.2. So what I do on a daily basis is I basically don't have a takerit but instead I let the play I let the trade play out and then I move my stop loss. So let's say this is my stop loss. I then move it to the next level which would be 1.2 ris ratio. I then move it up like a trailing stop-loss and then I let the trade play out and I got stopped out here. So I got a 1.2 2 risk-to-reward ratio trade. And as I said, I've also built my own indicator which basically tells me all the flips that happened on the 5minut chart that tells me the the buyers for the day. And this is exactly what I have as a gift for you um in this video. So if you want to get the free indicator, just check out the link in description. I think the strategy is pretty clear. You can join my Discord to get the full strategy and to ask me questions. But yeah, that's it. Thanks for watching and don't forget to subscribe.